Let the time poet take a moment to think
He walks down the street
with candy in his mouth
Set aside the old melody for now
Just sing along
Let--
-CONTEST NEXT WEEK
-ARE YOU GOING?
SOMEONE'S OUTSIDE
Loser!
Chen Yu-chieh?
Are you home?
Why are you hiding in your room?
Chen Yu-chieh, come out!
What about your mom?
What are you doing?
Let the time poet take a moment to think
He walks down the street
with candy in his mouth
Set aside the old melody for now
Just sing along
That's incredible.
Did you write that yourself?
Yes.
Who did you write it for?
I wrote it for someone…
that I never want to see again.
Someone you never want to see again,
yet you've written a song for them?
Is that weird?
Not really.
I understand how you feel.
Because I also have someone
I'm willing to…
I'm willing…
I'm willing to dance for.
Someone I'm willing to dance for.
Then he must be someone very special.
Yes, he was my first…
First…
-First…
-First relationship.
My first love.
Okay, thank you.
Next time, tell Kai-hsiang
these two go with this.
AUDITION FOR "SIX BROTHERS, ONE SISTER"
PLEASE PROCEED STRAIGHT AHEAD
Hey.
It's okay.
Everyone's nervous the first time.
I dragged you down. I'm sorry.
No, you didn't.
And technically,
it wasn't my first audition.
Do you audition often?
Yes.
Quite often.
Do you want to be an actress?
I guess so.
But whenever there's an audience,
I end up like that.
It's okay. I always get nervous
before going on stage.
You mean, when you perform?
Yeah. Oh, by the way…
I'm in a contest next week.
-Next week?
-Yeah.
I've applied the last three years.
I finally got in this time.
You should come.
That audition two years ago,
was when I met Yu-chieh
for the first time.
Let the time poet take a moment to think
He walks down the street
with candy in his mouth
Set aside the old melody for now
Just sing along
She lights up every room she walks into.
Even someone as shy as me
couldn't help being drawn to her.
Thank you.
Hey!
Girl who didn't get the part.
Come on, I was just kidding.
I haven't heard back either.
There'll be other chances.
Want to grab a bite?
Alright, come on. Let's get some food. Go!
What are we eating?
Up to you.
Oden, grilled skewers, or hot pot.
What's your name?
Li Ting-en.
I'm Chen Yu-chieh.
-Chen Yu-chieh?
-Yes.
YU-CHIEH: FOUND A PLACE YET?
TING-EN: NO, HARD TO FIND ONE
YU-CHIEH: I HAVE AN IDEA
TING-EN: I'M DOWN
YU-CHIEH: YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS
We became best friends very quickly.
One…
Yu-chieh and I rented a place together..
One, two, three…
Rock, paper, scissors…
Rock, paper, scissors.
-Hey, you were too slow.
-I win!
Thank you, everyone.
Look at you being all dramatic and hyper.
Why aren't you like that at auditions?
Stop talking about auditions.
I haven't heard from them this time.
-I didn't get it again.
-Whatever. Same here.
They probably can't afford
to film it anyway.
How do you know?
Just a wild guess.
They wouldn't case me anyway.
I'm not talented.
Stop saying that.
Why did you hit me?
It's true, though.
Fine.
What? Are tarots your side gig?
Be quiet. You'll see in a second.
Pick one of these three cards.
If I'm right,
you have to stop doubting yourself.
This isn't even accurate.
Fine. This one.
This one?
This one.
-It's this one.
-How did you know?
You looked at these two, but not this one.
That's crazy!
How did you do that? Teach me.
My dad taught me.
I see.
How about using this?
One more time.
What do you think?
Say something with the mask on.
What should I say?
Say what you'd say at the audition.
No, that's so weird.
-Ready.
-Hey!
One, two, three, action.
Hi, I'm Li Ting-en,
I'm 18 years old, 157 centimeters tall,
and I weigh 40 kilograms.
I'm into movies and skateboarding.
I like to do cat impressions…
Yu-chieh wanted me to practice
being on camera with the mask on.
Yeah, right.
-She taught me video editing.
-It's good.
She went over videos with me.
We shouldn't post this stuff online.
Celebrities already draw a following.
You should put yourself out there.
I can only read from a script.
How can I draw a following?
Then read from a script.
Read this.
No way. Who reads newspapers out loud?
Find something interesting to read.
Who reads newspapers nowadays?
Hey.
The show we auditioned for
actually got shut down.
Seriously?
Yes.
Hey, it's true.
You totally jinxed it.
You jinxed it.
What?
I just had an idea for a gimmick.
I promise it'll be good.
Let's hear it.
Predictions.
PANDEMIC HITS FILM INDUSTRY
Wait a minute.
Why did you upload videos
from an internet cafe?
Because Yu-chieh's dad
doesn't like her being online.
We were worried he'd find out.
After all, her dad is a cop.
So, you intentionally avoided the police?
Not intentionally.
We had very few videos.
We were only uploading once a month.
Anyway, it was just for fun at first.
We hardly had any subscribers.
But around a week ago,
Yu-chieh suddenly disappeared.
Excuse me.
Hello.
One hour, please.
Sure, number 18. Is that okay?
-Yes, thank you.
-Okay, this way.
Hey, the lighting is so nice today.
-Let me take your photo.
-No.
Come on, quick.
-No, you took tons.
-So cute.
-Get out of here.
VIDEO FROM UNKNOWN DEVICE
I just got an AirDrop request.
Who'd AirDrop you right now?
What did they send?
Hey.
Let me see.
Wait.
Didn't you notice?
They were in my room, too.
That's so creepy.
They sent it through AirDrop,
doesn't that mean they're here now?
-Okay, stop it. They're not in here.
-Or…
-Nearby, then.
-Let's go to the police.
Yu-chieh didn't come home that night.
And I received this video.
They used Yu-chieh's phone
to send me a video of her.
We didn't have time to go to the police.
POST PREDICTIONS AS WITCH BABA
They wanted me to film
four predictions by date.
I can't contact anyone,
or Yu-chieh will die.
In the future,
someone will be shot and killed.
-I shot an episode.
-Freeze.
-I never thought Wei Yen would get shot.
-Get back.
It wasn't me.
I didn't know who I could trust.
WHO ARE YOU EXACTLY?
It wasn't until Wa Tsai sent that message
that I decided to ask him to contact you.
CHEN CHIA-JEN
BULGARIAN
TRANSLATE
And the video?
-Huh?
-Where's the video?
Didn't you say
the killer sent you a video?
Hold on. Let me find it.
Here.
Let me see.
I've watched this video many times.
There's no audio.
I can't tell where it is.
It's not possible.
She keeps looking to the right.
What's on the right?
You were looking around for the first two,
but you didn't for this one.
So if I don't look, it's real?
What's this?
Is that an outlet?
Probably just a switch.
A hospital.
Hospital?
Why a hospital?
UPLOAD VIDEO
I remember you.
You treated Wei Meng-yen.
You also caused the chest bleed.
Mr. Chen.
If you hadn't shot him,
this wouldn't have happened.
YU-CHIEH
Kuo Ta-fu.
That doctor?
CALLING LI HSIN-PING
Hello, Mr. Jen?
Kuo Ta-fu is the serial killer.
Trace his phone
and check his last location.
Kuo Ta-fu?
But…
MURDER SUSPECT: KUO TA-FU
DAAN DIST., TAIPEI CITY
PRINT
Sir.
What are you doing now?
Mr. Jen just called,
he wants us to look into Kuo Ta-fu.
So please sign the search warrant.
You really don't get it.
Have you learned nothing?
-But Mr. Jen said that Kuo Ta-fu--
-Mr. Jen…
Which unit are you in?
Mind your own business.
I'm sorry.
Meeting time. Let's go.
Don't be sorry.
You need intuition to work a case.
If you suspect her,
find the evidence.
Yes.
PRINT
Come in.
Sir, I'm Li Hsin-ping
from the High-Tech Crime Unit.
CHANG CHIEH
CHIEF OF CRIME INVESTIGATION
Just you?
What's this?
Sir.
Kuo Ta-fu is a key suspect
in this influencer serial killing case.
Please grant us permission to investigate.
You shouldn't submit this to me.
Where's your leader?
Did Chen Chia-jen send you?
Sir, please.
What you're doing
is bypassing the chain of command.
I'm willing to accept the consequences.
Accept them?
Yes.
What can you accept?
I'm willing to leave High-Tech Crime.
Only the traffic division unit
has openings now.
Fine, then assign me
to the traffic division.
Sir, please.
Supervisor: CHANG CHIEH
CALLING YU-CHIEH
CALL ENDED
CALL HISTORY: YU-CHIEH
Yu-chieh talked about you a lot, you know.
She often shared stories
from her childhood.
She was always excited
to see fried rice on the shoe rack.
Mr. Chen,
I think I can send you a video.
Why didn't she tell me?
She didn't know what to say to you.
I never wanted to bother her.
She was always so busy.
She wanted to be an influencer.
She wanted to sing.
What I need is very simple.
I just want to know…
if she's hungry,
DINNER IS BY THE DOOR
if she's happy…
or if anyone's picking on her.
CALLING YU-CHIEH
DAD
Your dad called again.
What do you want to reply?
Save me.
Save you?
I've been texting him from your phone
for a week, and he hasn't noticed.
You two aren't close.
You think he'd save you?
Do you have a daughter?
No, so you don't get it.
Fuck!
People like you got my daughter killed!
Get away from me!
Mr. Jen.
Kuo Ta-fu's wife died
at Hekeng Hospital a year ago,
from a miscarriage.
Huge blood loss.
Both mother and baby died.
-She was DOA.
-Both mother and baby died?
When exactly was that?
3:23 a.m. on the 19th.
Coming through.
Excuse me.
What's wrong?
Say something.
Also, Kuo Ta-fu was last seen
at the West Hospital Building.
It's been shut down.
It's used as temporary doctor housing.
Got it.
WEST HOSPITAL BUILDING
EAST HOSPITAL BUILDING
Yu-chieh!
Dad.
Dad!
Yu-chieh!
Hey, don't come in. It smells awful.
Why are you painting again?
I didn't know it was a girl before.
I told you to just paint it white.
White goes with everything.
No way.
White looks like a hospital.
It's bad luck.
What if our daughter likes blue?
I'll just change it back for her.
You have too much free time.
-Go back to work already.
-Hey.
Why can't I keep Ni-ni company?
No.
I'm not naming her Ni-ni.
Ni-ni is a cute name.
Shouldn't we ask a fortune-teller?
You're right.
How about we go next week, then?
No. Let's go today.
The paint isn't even dry yet.
But Ni-ni said
she wants to go out today.
Well?
Okay.
"Kuo Mei-mei",
"Kuo Lian-li",
"Kuo Ching-ching",
"Kuo Fen-jong",
"Kuo Pi-chien",
-and "Kuo--"
-Kuo Hsueh-fu?
You can't be serious?
I'm very serious.
Why does the fortune-teller
have to wait until she's born?
How do you read a baby's fortune
without the birth chart?
But the due date's soon.
Who bought these?
You buy her shoes every time you go out.
Come on.
A girl can never have too many shoes.
How much were they?
They were cheap.
Holy cow!
That's ridiculous.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
It's okay. I'm fine.
Come on. Just ignore them.
No way. They're out of line.
-Hey, wait.
-Shit.
-What?
-Can we even post this on UTurn?
Who cares? Don't overthink it.
-Faster…
-This is ridiculous.
That's ridiculous.
Fuck.
Shit. That's not good.
Let's go.
Do we call the police?
-Let's go.
-It won't start.
Hurry up, let's go.
What the heck?
-Ting-yu!
-Let's go!
Let's go!
Come on!
Honey.
Are you hurt?
Are you okay?
My water…
I think my water broke.
Hang in there.
We're going to the hospital.
Hold on.
Honey.
Honey…
Help!
Is anyone there?
Please! Help!
Help!
-Sir.
-Stop her bleeding first, she…
We're handling it.
Sir, trust us.
Mr. Kuo.
This video captures everything clearly.
This is a public safety offense.
Our chances of winning are high.
-Public safety offense?
-Yes.
They can be sentenced
to at least seven years.
Seven years?
Yes.
They killed my wife and child,
and they only get seven years?
Mr. Kuo, I have to be honest with you.
It'll be hard to convict them
of negligent homicide in this case.
What's hard about it?
Their fucking license plates and faces
are in the video!
What's hard about that?
They didn't cause the car to flip.
They didn't?
So if you're driving,
it's normal for a tire blow out
to flip a car?
Mr. Kuo, yelling at me won't help.
Please remain calm, okay?
I'm just stating the facts.
Hey, don't come in.
It smells awful.
Why are you painting again?
I didn't know it was a girl before.
I told you to just paint it white.
White goes with everything.
What if our daughter likes blue?
I'll just change it back for her.
You have too much free time.
Go back to work already.
But Ni-ni said
she wants to go out today.
Come on. Just ignore them.
No way. They're out of line.
FIREWORKS
CAR ACCIDENT
BABA'S FOOD PICKS IN TAINAN
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Witch Baba.
I'm Baba.
Today is May 19th.
Last time,
I predicted a car accident. Voila!
It actually happened, right?
I told you guys to drive carefully.
The car accident was fatal.
That's pretty serious, isn't it?
So, where did you guys go
this long weekend?
Baba went to Tainan
and ate way too much.
Alright, that's it for today.
Let's draw…
NEIHU FATAL CAR CRASH
It actually happened, right?
I told you guys to drive carefully.
The car accident was fatal.
That's pretty serious, isn't it?
WITCH BABA
LIN TING-YU
KAO CHIH-PING
HEKENG HOSPITAL
DOCTOR KUO TA-FU
CID AGENT
What have you found?
Sir.
The Wei Meng-yen shooting
was actually orchestrated by Kuo Ta-fu.
Take a look at this.
He threatened Wei Meng-yen.
If he didn't comply,
he'd upload this video.
But there is something odd.
Why is this video
different from the one online?
-Mr. Ho?
-Yes?
We need Mr. Chen
to confirm the victim's phone.
A-Li, give it to Chia-jen.
Okay.
Check it again.
CID AGENT
Mr. Jen.
Yu-chieh's phone.
HOW'S EVERYTHING?
GOOD
-WHERE ARE YOU?
-I'M AT HOME
All the evidence is gone.
What do we do now?
What about his old place?
He sold it after his wife passed away.
He has no contact with friends or family.
Shit.
I'm the only target left alive.
I'll go live to bait him.
Are you sure?
WITCH BABA
Hello, everyone.
Here's the next prediction.
Tomorrow, at KOL STAGE,
Ting-yu will die.
Subtitle translation by: Coralie Zhang